6_21_2014/README.md, before:

# 2D & 3D side scroller

This session is for beginners and intermediate user. We will cover on how to make a 2D and 3D side scroller from importing the assets to exporting to W8. The topics that will be covered: Animation with Mecanim, 2D, 3D pooling, scripting, particles, storing high score, triggers, physics. The workshop will end with a presentation on the features of the upcoming version Unity 4.6 (UGUI) and Unity 5.

## Jaime Rodriguezs
Principal Program Manager, Microsoft Corp


# 10.00-11.40	Opening Keynote

- wokring on windows fo rmore than 10 yerrs. stron gpreseence with games. Ove th last 4 hours they've working hard. There has never been a better time to write a game. We've gone to the point of writing one game for mulitple devices.

Threes things:
- convergence
- middleware
	making sure working across platforms.
- great programs for gamesrs. really great time to get started writing games.

### Micsrosfot platorm
- laptop, xbox, mobile. all on one platform. all are baesed on API. 

- only microsft has manged to do this. ??
- same platform used to program ten year. (directx). this platform frrom beginnign was build for games.   
- quite a good platform.   connected srvices. (windows azure, store install, xbox live, etc.)

### Reduced cost: creating or porting.
- Not oeverywone will write on dirextx. Microsofrt has been working with .  google chrome - runs opengl platform on top of directx. 
- provides various services. (ads, stats).
- case study. difficult with selling games. (android). after transporting to (windows?) quite a thousands sellings. 
- Suck as much as you can.
- Unity 4 beta fo rwindows.
- example of create as imple game only for deskopt. little sellings. after porting to mobile.
- you can download a game? and check code. 99% of code is shared.
- export: windows mobile - universal. creates shared project? (research).
	- various features - capturing images & videos and sharing.
: 
	sign fo betta: http://aka.ms/unitywp81beta

Microsoft & Unity - powerful partnerhsip -- free!! (you need to pay 500E for iOS and android.
- Special offers:
	http://unity3d.com/pages/windows/offer
	email them & you get free microsoft phone to test.
	lvl 1: free phone
	lvl 2: marketing!! (10^6 imporessiond and packages on addppex.)

# global context: first price: 50.000: http://unity3d.com/contest/windows ends in one month. (runs every year)
 you need: plugins: code to do native functionalities. starting last week, (for free) http://prime31.com

whilepapers: http://unity3d.com/pages








# Carl Callewaert starts talk. (11:00)
http://aka.ms/unitygrfiles
http://ww5.unit3d.com/gamejams/unity-and-windows-hackathon

- live in canda, he's rarely there. (full of snow).  
- used to work in game production. various games. true pation: make games on his own. discovered unity through students. his first app: a sign hand.  
- unity is also used for work. doctor: needs to score first before he touches u. :P. 
- NASA uses Unity. 
	26 * 10 ^ 5 developers.
	6 * 10 ^ 5 monthly active.

- Community:
	assets store.
- unity 5 - feature preview.

- diffuses, new shader - universal.various technques. 
	most important and interesting: new tehcnologies (lights), real time 
- amazing fps on web browser.
-mechanim? (whish animaiton should play when) - face animation.
- improved sound edit tools.

- Unite 2014 in Seattle. (3days -- trainning stuff.)
	porting camp. (people of windows rockstart)


email: carl@unit3d.com  << especially if you make a game!!!! he has a policy of never leaving more than 50emails unread.  (he has contact with linked, and others.)

http:aka.ms/unitygrfiles


1. game to create: loop, jump through kena
2. excited: microsoft & unity. you don't any hassle to export to windows.


# PART ONE DONE.



# 11.40-11.45	Welcome address
Dr. Triant Flouris, Provost of Hellenic American University
little speech, welcoming. 

## Steps.
1. Create project.
	- File -> new project -> select package ->  change to 3D (even though it's 2d) -> create.
	- windows -> layout -> 2 by 3..
	-> change to 2D mode.

2. Importing.
	- export/unzip 2D contents -> sprints01 -> find image called: big_island_hill -> drag and drop -> Assets folder.
	- assets is the folder where ou store your objects, desings, and code. 
	- use spring better performance. automatically import as sprite. (edit -> editor -> default behavior -from 3D to 2D. then gdrag and drop whole foldersprints01 ) (everything is automtcally is stted as sprites.
	- drag and drop flag. (scale -> select image-> seelct 5th option -> scale) create first level.

	recap: edit-> project settings -> editor-> behavior mode to 2D, then drag and drop thei whole folder to assets.
	drag and drop flat istland, and scale accrodinly. 
# 12.00-13.30	Unity Hands-on part 1

# 14.30-16.00	Unity Hands-on part 2

# 16.15-18.00	Unity Hands-on part 3

# 18.15-20.00	Unity Hands-on part 4

Commit message:

Adding tree: using different layers.

6_21_2014/README.md, after:

# 2D & 3D side scroller

This session is for beginners and intermediate user. We will cover on how to make a 2D and 3D side scroller from importing the assets to exporting to W8. The topics that will be covered: Animation with Mecanim, 2D, 3D pooling, scripting, particles, storing high score, triggers, physics. The workshop will end with a presentation on the features of the upcoming version Unity 4.6 (UGUI) and Unity 5.

## Jaime Rodriguezs
Principal Program Manager, Microsoft Corp


# 10.00-11.40	Opening Keynote

- wokring on windows fo rmore than 10 yerrs. stron gpreseence with games. Ove th last 4 hours they've working hard. There has never been a better time to write a game. We've gone to the point of writing one game for mulitple devices.

Threes things:
- convergence
- middleware
	making sure working across platforms.
- great programs for gamesrs. really great time to get started writing games.

### Micsrosfot platorm
- laptop, xbox, mobile. all on one platform. all are baesed on API. 

- only microsft has manged to do this. ??
- same platform used to program ten year. (directx). this platform frrom beginnign was build for games.   
- quite a good platform.   connected srvices. (windows azure, store install, xbox live, etc.)

### Reduced cost: creating or porting.
- Not oeverywone will write on dirextx. Microsofrt has been working with .  google chrome - runs opengl platform on top of directx. 
- provides various services. (ads, stats).
- case study. difficult with selling games. (android). after transporting to (windows?) quite a thousands sellings. 
- Suck as much as you can.
- Unity 4 beta fo rwindows.
- example of create as imple game only for deskopt. little sellings. after porting to mobile.
- you can download a game? and check code. 99% of code is shared.
- export: windows mobile - universal. creates shared project? (research).
	- various features - capturing images & videos and sharing.
: 
	sign fo betta: http://aka.ms/unitywp81beta

Microsoft & Unity - powerful partnerhsip -- free!! (you need to pay 500E for iOS and android.
- Special offers:
	http://unity3d.com/pages/windows/offer
	email them & you get free microsoft phone to test.
	lvl 1: free phone
	lvl 2: marketing!! (10^6 imporessiond and packages on addppex.)

# global context: first price: 50.000: http://unity3d.com/contest/windows ends in one month. (runs every year)
 you need: plugins: code to do native functionalities. starting last week, (for free) http://prime31.com

whilepapers: http://unity3d.com/pages








# Carl Callewaert starts talk. (11:00)
http://aka.ms/unitygrfiles
http://ww5.unit3d.com/gamejams/unity-and-windows-hackathon

- live in canda, he's rarely there. (full of snow).  
- used to work in game production. various games. true pation: make games on his own. discovered unity through students. his first app: a sign hand.  
- unity is also used for work. doctor: needs to score first before he touches u. :P. 
- NASA uses Unity. 
	26 * 10 ^ 5 developers.
	6 * 10 ^ 5 monthly active.

- Community:
	assets store.
- unity 5 - feature preview.

- diffuses, new shader - universal.various technques. 
	most important and interesting: new tehcnologies (lights), real time 
- amazing fps on web browser.
-mechanim? (whish animaiton should play when) - face animation.
- improved sound edit tools.

- Unite 2014 in Seattle. (3days -- trainning stuff.)
	porting camp. (people of windows rockstart)


email: carl@unit3d.com  << especially if you make a game!!!! he has a policy of never leaving more than 50emails unread.  (he has contact with linked, and others.)

http:aka.ms/unitygrfiles


1. game to create: loop, jump through kena
2. excited: microsoft & unity. you don't any hassle to export to windows.


# PART ONE DONE.



# 11.40-11.45	Welcome address
Dr. Triant Flouris, Provost of Hellenic American University
little speech, welcoming. 

## Steps.
1. Create project.
	- File -> new project -> select package ->  change to 3D (even though it's 2d) -> create.
	- windows -> layout -> 2 by 3..
	-> change to 2D mode.

2. Importing.
	- export/unzip 2D contents -> sprints01 -> find image called: big_island_hill -> drag and drop -> Assets folder.
	- assets is the folder where ou store your objects, desings, and code. 
	- use spring better performance. automatically import as sprite. (edit -> editor -> default behavior -from 3D to 2D. then gdrag and drop whole foldersprints01 ) (everything is automtcally is stted as sprites.
	- drag and drop flag. (scale -> select image-> seelct 5th option -> scale) create first level.

	recap: edit-> project settings -> editor-> behavior mode to 2D, then drag and drop thei whole folder to assets.
	drag and drop flat istland, and scale accrodinly. 

3. camera 
	-> chang eto perspectives. -> click on 2D, and holding alt lo
	ok around., then click on blue axe, and move forwards, backwwrd. problem,, trees goes back and forwards, bug. 
	-> solution to bug: creat layers. make firt layer, then put your object there. how od you create layer: up right: layers -> eid layers -> sortin layers ->  click on plus button -> background, level, fouregrounds. the lower the more front in the camera. (everyting you create goes in the bacgkround :( ) picking object, chang elayer to bak) (shift to mutliselect -> level).  change layer of each object accordinlgy. CAREFUL. layer. defautl movement layer forward. 
	recap -> layers, edit layer, add layers (back, leve, etc.) -> 
	
# 12.00-13.30	Unity Hands-on part 1

# 14.30-16.00	Unity Hands-on part 2

# 16.15-18.00	Unity Hands-on part 3

# 18.15-20.00	Unity Hands-on part 4
